I know what you want to say, do it
What happened before you died
It's all your doing
Really, you go around in such a big circle.
I just want to take down the road test in one fell swoop
You guessed it right
Why are you targeting the road test?
Because I hate Lu's victory
Hate him
Anything is easy.
I hate it when he hurts you so much
You still like him so much
Why did I move him? You can't bear it.
No, I just feel sorry for you.
You were as clean as the moon before
I didn't expect to fall into this dirty
In the rotten business district
But I did it all for you
As long as you are deep in the road
You will consider me
As long as Lu Zechen is not there
You won't think about him anymore
It won't happen.
Even if I don't have Lu Ze deep, I won't like you